Dear Sir/Madam

It is with great enthusiasm that I submit my application for the position Java Full Stack Web Developer at Xero. As a software developer with over five years' experience, I am sure that my diverse skills and qualifications will make me an asset to the project team and the company.

As you will see from the attached resume, I've built my career in variety of roles, mostly in software companies where I was not just a software developer but also a technology whiz and devops. I thrive in an environment where no two work days are exactly the same.

I have substantial experience in software development in Java. I was a full-time employee at Syl Semantics as a Java developer. My responsibility is to provide software services for Syl Semantics's search engine solutions. I have developed several internal used crawlers for google drive, twitter, evernote and dropbox. One of my recent projects involved coordinating a IBM Lotus Notes crawler for a government client: I developed, deployed and optimised the IBM Lotus Notes crawler (doubled the performance). I'm also a fanatic for details. When I did the IBM Lotus Notes crawler, I found a minor bug in the IBM Lotus Notes api. The bug can cause serious memory leak and eventually crash the server. I reported the bug to the project manager and was proved by IBM. 

Currently, I am a full stack software developer for iPayroll Ltd worked on the company's payroll and accounting system to help the company provide quality service and software. I have participated in daily software development and maintenance. And I have developed a public Restful API for iPayroll system for building the software ecosystem including a public faced Documentation hosted on Github using github pages. Besides, I'm one of the key developers for the company's new product using AngularJS and various new front end technologies such as nodejs, es6 and so on. Also, I have introduced new technologies into the company such as Docker and Vagrant to virtualise the softare development environment for both development and deployment.

Last but certainly not least, I want you to know that I'm a lifelong learner and passionate blogger for every new technologies. I've learnt Go (a programming language developed by Google) and AWS. I'm using my spare time developed several projects including a simple chat program (https://github.com/alvindaiyan/goTalk). I'm also using my spare time to help a local startup company Foodninja to migrated their software platform to AWS. I'm also an active blogger. I like writing down and sharing all my learning and thoughts in my blog (http://alvindaiyan.github.io/).

In closing, I am thrilled at the possibility of being involved in the new castle almost literally from the ground up, and would love the opportunity to meet with you and discuss the value that I can bring to Xero. I appreciate your consideration and look forward to hearing from you.



Yours sincerely,

Yan Dai


